With attention a captain spoke to them
You know the penguins of Madagascar
but what you do not know is that they carry a
double life
as secret agents
his story never told begins with
four brothers you have one
family and we are all going to die
this is you from gay covas that grew up
to become masters of disguise
of espionage and air attack
and this gets fiery
you have to feel it now when
have to stop an insane I have the
power to destroy it will have some
competition is going on here conserve
the calm penguins are now under the
protection of the north wind not
we know who they are or are the wind of
north is an elite unit of tarjas
the north wind is a unit of
interest several elite unit dedicated
dedicated to helping animals that do not
they can defend themselves
very soon we have to stop a
insane let me give the orders because
are not supposed to have hands I do not
They have fin villa of caletas
you need to go after them well boys
just like in greece rio de janeiro
We arrive at the center of Dublin Ireland
we have to mix us Irish dancing
we do not need them they became
the pines up the feathers
to save ourselves , we are the
creators of madagascar infiltrated into
our system
hey hey
where is the sound press the button
with the drawing of the micro while
llama does not pass this
we listen but now it's like talking to
my parents from madagascar we have to
organize thein hearing this law is
like all lord is a baby
if you want
the winds of catering